README.md, before:

# :fire: Coding Untuk Semua :fire:
```
resource links that can help us learn programming
"tautan sumber daya yang dapat membantu kita mempelajari pemrograman"
```

### Text Editor
  - [VIM](/text-editor/vim.md) - Vim is a highly configurable text editor built to make creating and changing any kind of text very efficient. It is included as "vi" with most UNIX systems and with Apple OS X.
  - [Visual Studio Code](/text-editor/visual-studio-code.md) - Visual Studio Code is a lightweight but powerful source code editor which runs on your desktop and is available for Windows, macOS and Linux.
  - [Atom](https://atom.io/) - Free and open source text editor, brought to you by GitHub.
  - [Sublimetext](https://www.sublimetext.com/) - A sophisticated text editor for code, markup and prose.

### Developer Tools
* [Git](/tools/git.md) - Git is a free and open source distributed version control system designed to handle everything from small to very large projects with speed and efficiency.
* [sqlmap](https://github.com/sqlmapproject/sqlmap) - Automatic SQL injection and database takeover tool.
* [utopia.app](https://utopia.app/) - A design and coding environment for React projects and components that runs in the browser.


### Programming Lang
*  [Elixir](/programming-lang/elixir.md) - Elixir is a dynamic, functional language designed for building scalable and maintainable applications.
*  [Golang](/programming-lang/golang.md) - Go is an open source programming language that makes it easy to build simple, reliable, and efficient software.
*  [Javascript](/programming-lang/javascript.md) - is a scripting or programming language that allows you to implement complex features on web pages.
*  [Python](/programming-lang/python.md) - Python is a programming language that lets you work more quickly and integrate your systems more effectively.
*  [Ruby](/programming-lang/ruby.md) - A dynamic, open source programming language with a focus on simplicity and productivity. It has an elegant syntax that is natural to read and easy to write.

### Open Source Projects :
List of open sources projects
  - [Martodon](https://github.com/tootsuite/mastodon) - Mastodon is a free, open-source social network server based on ActivityPub where users can follow friends and discover new ones.
  - [Mail Train](https://github.com/Mailtrain-org/mailtrain) - is a self hosted newsletter application built on Node.js (v7+) and MySQL (v5.5+ or MariaDB).
  - [NocoDb](https://github.com/nocodb/nocodb) - 🔥 🔥 The Open Source Airtable alternative.
  - [Postal](https://github.com/postalhq/postal) - A fully featured open source mail delivery platform for incoming & outgoing e-mail.
  - [Quran](https://github.com/quran/quran.com-frontend-v2) - The official source code repository for Quran.com 
  - [Sharetribe](https://github.com/sharetribe/sharetribe) - Sharetribe develops advanced marketplace software for every business life cycle stage.
  - [Linux](oss-projects/linux.md) - Linux is a family of open-source Unix-like operating systems based on the Linux kernel.
  - [erpnext](https://github.com/frappe/erpnext) - World's best free and open source ERP.
  - [excalidraw](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw) - Virtual whiteboard for sketching hand-drawn like diagrams

### Developer Podcast :
  - [Curiefense](https://podcast.curiefense.io/episodes) | english - Commiting to cloud native
  - [Ceritanya Developer](https://anchor.fm/ceritanya-developer) | bahasa indonesia - Ceritanya Developer Podcast
  - [Fullstackradio](https://fullstackradio.com/) - A podcast for developers interested in building great software products. Hosted by Adam Wathan.
 
### People on social media you can follow to learn :
  - twitter | [DHH](https://twitter.com/dhh) - Creator Ruby on Rails
  - twitter | [Evan You](https://twitter.com/youyuxi) - Creator Vuejs
  - twitter | [Nat Friedman](https://twitter.com/natfriedman) - CEO Github
  - twitter | [Chris Coyier](https://twitter.com/chriscoyier) - Co-Founder Codepen
  - twitter | [Adam Wathan](https://twitter.com/adamwathan) - Creator Tailwindcss
  - twitter | [JoseValim](https://twitter.com/josevalim) - Creator ElixirLang

### Programming Fonts :
  - [Fira Code](https://github.com/tonsky/FiraCode) - Free monospaced font with programming ligatures.
  - [Jetbrains Mono](https://www.jetbrains.com/lp/mono/) - JetBrains Mono. A typeface for developers.

### CI/CD
  - [Gitlab Ci](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/) - GitLab CI/CD is a tool for software development using the continuous methodologies.
  - [Github Action](https://github.com/features/actions) - Automate your workflow from idea to production.
  - [Circle CI](https://circleci.com/) - Automate your development process with continuous integration in our cloud or on your own infrastructure.

### Interview
*  [Backend Interview Questions](https://github.com/arialdomartini/Back-End-Developer-Interview-Questions)
*  [Top 10 algorithms in interview question](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/top-10-algorithms-in-interview-questions/)

Commit message:

readme : add section official blog

README.md, after:

# :fire: Coding Untuk Semua :fire:
```
resource links that can help us learn programming
"tautan sumber daya yang dapat membantu kita mempelajari pemrograman"
```

### Text Editor
  - [VIM](/text-editor/vim.md) - Vim is a highly configurable text editor built to make creating and changing any kind of text very efficient. It is included as "vi" with most UNIX systems and with Apple OS X.
  - [Visual Studio Code](/text-editor/visual-studio-code.md) - Visual Studio Code is a lightweight but powerful source code editor which runs on your desktop and is available for Windows, macOS and Linux.
  - [Atom](https://atom.io/) - Free and open source text editor, brought to you by GitHub.
  - [Sublimetext](https://www.sublimetext.com/) - A sophisticated text editor for code, markup and prose.

---

### Developer Tools
* [Git](/tools/git.md) - Git is a free and open source distributed version control system designed to handle everything from small to very large projects with speed and efficiency.
* [sqlmap](https://github.com/sqlmapproject/sqlmap) - Automatic SQL injection and database takeover tool.
* [utopia.app](https://utopia.app/) - A design and coding environment for React projects and components that runs in the browser.

---

### Programming Lang
*  [Elixir](/programming-lang/elixir.md) - Elixir is a dynamic, functional language designed for building scalable and maintainable applications.
*  [Golang](/programming-lang/golang.md) - Go is an open source programming language that makes it easy to build simple, reliable, and efficient software.
*  [Javascript](/programming-lang/javascript.md) - is a scripting or programming language that allows you to implement complex features on web pages.
*  [Python](/programming-lang/python.md) - Python is a programming language that lets you work more quickly and integrate your systems more effectively.
*  [Ruby](/programming-lang/ruby.md) - A dynamic, open source programming language with a focus on simplicity and productivity. It has an elegant syntax that is natural to read and easy to write.

---

### Open Source Projects :
List of open sources projects
  - [Martodon](https://github.com/tootsuite/mastodon) - Mastodon is a free, open-source social network server based on ActivityPub where users can follow friends and discover new ones.
  - [Mail Train](https://github.com/Mailtrain-org/mailtrain) - is a self hosted newsletter application built on Node.js (v7+) and MySQL (v5.5+ or MariaDB).
  - [NocoDb](https://github.com/nocodb/nocodb) - 🔥 🔥 The Open Source Airtable alternative.
  - [Postal](https://github.com/postalhq/postal) - A fully featured open source mail delivery platform for incoming & outgoing e-mail.
  - [Quran](https://github.com/quran/quran.com-frontend-v2) - The official source code repository for Quran.com 
  - [Sharetribe](https://github.com/sharetribe/sharetribe) - Sharetribe develops advanced marketplace software for every business life cycle stage.
  - [Linux](oss-projects/linux.md) - Linux is a family of open-source Unix-like operating systems based on the Linux kernel.
  - [erpnext](https://github.com/frappe/erpnext) - World's best free and open source ERP.
  - [excalidraw](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw) - Virtual whiteboard for sketching hand-drawn like diagrams

---

### Developer Podcast :
  - [Curiefense](https://podcast.curiefense.io/episodes) | english - Commiting to cloud native
  - [Ceritanya Developer](https://anchor.fm/ceritanya-developer) | bahasa indonesia - Ceritanya Developer Podcast
  - [Fullstackradio](https://fullstackradio.com/) - A podcast for developers interested in building great software products. Hosted by Adam Wathan.

---

### People on social media you can follow to learn :
  - twitter | [DHH](https://twitter.com/dhh) - Creator Ruby on Rails
  - twitter | [Evan You](https://twitter.com/youyuxi) - Creator Vuejs
  - twitter | [Nat Friedman](https://twitter.com/natfriedman) - CEO Github
  - twitter | [Chris Coyier](https://twitter.com/chriscoyier) - Co-Founder Codepen
  - twitter | [Adam Wathan](https://twitter.com/adamwathan) - Creator Tailwindcss
  - twitter | [JoseValim](https://twitter.com/josevalim) - Creator ElixirLang

---

### Official Blog
  - [shopify engineering](https://shopify.engineering/) - Stories from the teams who build and scale Shopify.
  - [netflixtechblog](https://netflixtechblog.com/) - The Netflix Tech Blog
  - [github blog](https://github.blog/) - Read up on product innovations and updates, company announcements, community spotlights, and more.
  - [airbnb engineering](https://medium.com/airbnb-engineering) - A deeper look into how our Engineers and Data Scientists build a world of belonging

---

### Programming Fonts :
  - [Fira Code](https://github.com/tonsky/FiraCode) - Free monospaced font with programming ligatures.
  - [Jetbrains Mono](https://www.jetbrains.com/lp/mono/) - JetBrains Mono. A typeface for developers.

---

### CI/CD Tools
  - [Gitlab Ci](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/) - GitLab CI/CD is a tool for software development using the continuous methodologies.
  - [Github Action](https://github.com/features/actions) - Automate your workflow from idea to production.
  - [Circle CI](https://circleci.com/) - Automate your development process with continuous integration in our cloud or on your own infrastructure.

---

### Interview
*  [Backend Interview Questions](https://github.com/arialdomartini/Back-End-Developer-Interview-Questions)
*  [Top 10 algorithms in interview question](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/top-10-algorithms-in-interview-questions/)
